Ivan Yaremenko
William Weiskopf

*** Sudoku Puzzle Checker ***

//	Problem Description

For our final project, we have created an application which checks the validity of a Sudoku puzzle solution.
As the application was becoming too large for the alloted time, the game function scraped.  Replaced by user 
import or a random puzzle generator which could display either a random filling of the puzzle or a valid solved sudoku puzzle.

//	Program Documentation

At startup, the user has the option to enter a sudoku puzzle that they posess into the program, or they could
choose to generate a valid solved sudoku puzzle in which case they will be asked for a seed value.
This is all that is required of the user to use the application. On the otherhad, with more time, the
random puzzle generator could be developed into generating a puzzle that the user could have a chence of solving,
not simply displaying the solution. This would in effect would make a sudoku game. Also, after the user has 
tried playing the game, they could always chech their input with the solution checker and or would have the 
option to see the solution. Some other features which could be further enhanced by another programer could be
the use of the test bools in the application to further pinpoint the errors in the input of the user
when checking their puzzle.

//	Requirements

		
		[[FinalProject/Requirements/basic|basic requirements]]

-New Class		RowNColumn.cpp & RowNColumn.h

-Use at least 1 array	checker.cpp	lines 16 and 17

-I/O file		checker.pp	lines 64-43 & 122-144 & 236-249


		[[FinalProject/Requirements/alacarte|"a la carte" requirements]]

-Additional non-const data members		RowNColumn.h      lines 52-55     3 points
						ThreeByThree.h    lines 49-51

-Implemented accessor functions			ThreeByThree.h    lines 26-36	  5 points
						RowNColumn.h	  lines 29-43

-Additional non-trivial class			ThreeByThree.h 			  5 points
 
-Overloaded function				checker.h         lines 23-24     1 point

-Use a 1d array of fundamental types		manipulations.cpp lines 30	  1 point
						RowNColumn.h	  line 53 

-Use a multidimensional array			checker.cpp	  lines 17-18	  4 points
						ThreeByThree.h	  line 50
						manipulations.cpp line 47

-Incorporate randomness				manipulations.cpp lines 14-26	  3 points
						checker.cpp       lines 86-91

Total Suggested alacarte points: 22


//		Reflections

This project has certainly been an excellent experience (much more so then the flu policy assignment XD).
Doing a project where you have to solve a problem of your choosing thru the implementation of C++
was certainly a lot more fun then doing nightly assignments (AKA tutorials if you will). Here, we had a 
chance to actually use what we knew without restrictions (i.e. use a while loop here, name
your application this, not that..). This assignment, in my opinion at least, had come the closest to what it
would be like to work as a software engineer for a company, which turned out to be a lot more fun then we anticipated.
Of course the debugging as well as formatting everything was a rather painfull and slow process, but the end
result certainly was satisfactory. One important thing that could be improved: making the code more efficient.
In one instance, there is a loop in the code where a loop manually refreshes the screen after every iteration
which makes the program run a lot slower. Also, when implementing similar variables, I know for a fact that there is a way
to do that with a loop, yet we did not have enough time to figure out how to loop thru the names of my variables.
Thus we manually implementing each variable, which took more lines of code then necessary. Lastly, 
the main routine in the application (checker.cpp) could be cleaned out a lot more if more of the logic was placed in separate
files as functions, hence increasing the efficiency of the application and decreasing debugging time. All in all
this was a great experience and I suggest perhaps dumping some of the individual homework "tutorials" in favor of 
mabe 1 or 2 mini final projects during the semester where people could get a taste of what the actual final would be like.


		